## License Choice ##

I was stuck between choosing the [Academic Free License](https://opensource.org/licenses/AFL-3.0) and the [Artistic License](https://opensource.org/licenses/artistic-license-2.0) for our program. Both are similar in their in features, but the Artistic License is more limited and comes with a lot more restrictions than the Academic Free License. One feature that I found really intersting was the Patent grant feature which is described as: "protection of licensees from patent claims made by code contributors regarding their contribution, and protection of contributors from patent claims made by licensees" ([Comparison of free and open-source software licences](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_free_and_open-source_software_licences#General_comparison)). The Academic Free License has this feature, but the Artistic License does not which suprised me because one would think that an "artistic" license would protect the original artist from bogus patent claims. Ultimately, I chose the Academic Free License because it is the best fit for our *academic* setting. It allows our code to be modified, distributed, used privately, and relicensed which is everything we are okay with happening to our three lines of Python.


## Code of Conduct ##

After doing a Google Search for Open-Source Code of Conducts, the first and most popular search result was the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) which is apparently used by over 40,000 open-source projects including Google, Linux, and git! Although it is relatively short code of conduct, it covers all the points we discussed in lab: it **spells out acceptable and unacceptable behavior**, **lays out what happens when something goes wrong**, and **provides a statement of the values of the project community** which is not implicit but explicit and straightforward found at the top of the coduct. What I found neat was that the conduct outlines the process of enforcing the code sort of like README.md. The conduct relies on other members of the community to enforce as the code, as everyone is responsible to report any harrasment or other violations they see in the community. I also really like the three-strike system, starting with a simple correction of behavior, the code employs to deal with any offenders. 
